Update Project section (#13)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/project/README.md

---
title: The Filecoin Project
description: Learn about the history, roadmap, current status and more for Filecoin
---
# The Filecoin Project

Curious about how it all got started, or where we're headed? Learn about the history, current state, and future trajectory of the Filecoin project here.

## History of Filecoin

Want to know how it all began? Learn the [history of the Filecoin project](/project/history/).

## Roadmap

The latest timing information is available in the [Filecoin Mainnet Roadmap](https://app.instagantt.com/shared/s/1152992274307505/latest).

## Filecoin specification

> [Technical specification](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs) for the Filecoin protocol and its associated subsystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the [technical specification](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs) for the Filecoin protocol and its associated subsystems.
```

Just turning this into a sentence to match the other sections.

## Research

> Learn about the ongoing work to design the predicates that enable Filecoin by exploring our [Filecoin Research website](https://research.filecoin.io/).

Reviewer: Is there a word other than `predicates` that would work here? I suspect many folks  only know one meaning of this word:
🎶 _Mr. Morton is the subject of the sentence, and what the predicate says, he does._ 🎶

Author: Rewrote the sentence entirely :)

## Related projects

> Filecoin is a highly modular project that is itself made out of many different protocols and tools. Learn more about the [Filecoin-related projects](/project/related-projects/) under the overall support of Protocol Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin is a highly modular project that is itself made out of many different protocols and tools. Learn more about the [Filecoin-related projects](/project/related-projects/) supported by Protocol Labs.
```

Author: Nice, that phrase was feeling a bit too broad.
